I know you may have been wondering why weren't there many exercises, trial and error based?
Well, a lot of the information in this particular section is quite new, and a lot of it had to do
with payments and payment flows.
And in order for us to structure this correctly, for when we wanted to show you the best way to implement
a small scale version of a payment system so that you can take that and you can understand the concepts
and you can go to Stripe now and you can read the documentation and understand how payment, intense
work and open yourself up to the entire world of payments as a service.
That is the intent.
But I did want to end on one crucial exercise.
It's something that we've seen before.
What I would like you to look at is the correct context.
And over here you can see already from the beginning, put in some Easter eggs, the async storage and
the user.
And I was fully intent on coming back to this, although we left it there.
I would like you to implement persistance for the cart across sessions and in the next video will look
at how to solve for that.